[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Is human technological
development monitored
by extraterrestrials?
And if so, why?
And what triggered the start
of modern close encounters?
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
Welcome aboard
"The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> As we discussed in
the previous episode,
beings from other worlds obeying
a master plan of cosmic scope
would have fostered
life on our planet.
Over time, they were
monitoring our evolution.
And on occasion,
they mixed with us.
However, later they opted
for a long period of silence.
It was the decade of the
1940s in the 20th century when
they came back.
Because something happened.
Apparently, human
experiments to split
the atom and the exploration
of other dimensions
activated what I call
the return of the cause.
We take ourselves
back to July 16, 1945.
At that time in Alamogordo,
New Mexico here in the United
States, they had
successfully developed
the Trinity Experiment, part
of the top secret Manhattan
Project, as we will recall,
led by the nuclear physicist
Robert Oppenheimer, one of the
fathers of the atomic bomb.
The detonation of Trinity,
a 20-kiloton plutonium bomb,
was the last straw for
the extraterrestrials,
who were monitoring
our learning process.
Without a doubt,
this was a bad sign.
Let's not forget that a little
while after this detonation
at Alamogordo, August 6 of that
same year, 1945, the United
States would drop an atomic
bomb on the Japanese city
of Hiroshima and,
three days later,
another bomb on Nagasaki.
The attack became one of
the most despicable episodes
of World War II
and perhaps, I dare
say, of the history of humanity,
a sorrowful, worrying image
of human beings and
their use of technology.
Oppenheimer himself, after
the tests for the Manhattan
Project, had already warned
us using a sentence borrowed
from the "Bhagavad Gita,"
an account of ancient India
which narrates the
battles of the gods
with the use of what appear
to be bombs and flying ships.
He says, "Now I am become
death, the destroyer of worlds."
And that's what
the scientist said,
quoting chapter 11, verse
32 of that sacred text.
In ancient times,
did humans know
the terror of nuclear weapons?
For example, the
enigmatic Brahmastra
that mentions other
ancient texts of India,
was it one of the supernatural
weapons of the gods?
This new human weapon based on
an uncontrolled nuclear fission
chain reaction--
in other words, the type
of bombs dropped on Japan--
alerted the extraterrestrials.
They considered that
with these experiments,
we were not only affecting
our reality but also that
of other creatures
in the multiverse.
And apparently,
this nuclear testing
wasn't the only thing that moved
the complex web of spacetime.
In 1943, two years before the
bombs fell on Japanese ground,
the US Navy carried out the
controversial Philadelphia
Experiment, a
secret invisibility
project in Philadelphia's Navy
shipyards, a well-known case.
Different sources maintain that
the controversial experiment
was based on the
discoveries of scientists
like Nikola Tesla, the renowned
Croatian inventor and genius
in the field of electromagnetism
who had discovered the way
to manipulate powerful sources
of unconventional energy
to open portals
between dimensions.
The few witnesses
say in those years
that the US Eldridge
DE-173, after disappearing,
was seen for several minutes
in Norfolk, Virginia.
That is 373 miles away from
the experiment, to be precise.
Then the battleship
reappeared in Philadelphia.
This alleged case
of teleportation,
besides causing horrible
side effects on its crew,
opened a gap in
the spacetime that
worried the extraterrestrials.
With the subsequent
development and detonation
of nuclear bombs, it is
clear that the scenario
became complicated.
And so they decided to act.
It was the prelude to
the modern UFO era.
Scholars of the UFO
phenomenon know well
what happened in 1947, two years
after the end of World War II.
I'm talking about the
increase in sightings
of unidentified flying
objects and, in fact,
the report of strange devices
that had crashed on Earth.
We are talking
about famous cases
such as the sighting by Kenneth
Arnold, who has been discussed
many times on Gaia, or that of
the alleged extraterrestrial
ship that crashed in
Roswell, New Mexico.
Reams have been written
about these files as well
as numerous documentaries.
But one of the
disturbing questions
is, why did a ship supposedly
from another world crash
on Earth, specifically
in Roswell?
You will recall that in
the previous episode,
I made a reference
to what is known
as the planetary quarantine.
Well, this quarantine
was established
by advanced extraterrestrial
civilizations
in order to protect human
beings from any interference
and silently observe
everything that
happened in our
planetary environs
over thousands of years.
This quarantine was
more tightly enforced.
And their rules became
stricter as a result
of our nuclear experiments.
As a result, too, of the
strange Philadelphia project,
everything we generated
with those technological and
interdimensional
experiments would
have made the
cosmos see humanity
as not being very prudent.
We were playing with fire.
And this exposed us.
Visits from civilizations
with similar mindsets,
as birds of a feather
flock together,
civilizations with
technological,
warlike, and
colonizing tendencies
might be attracted
to come to our world
and observe what
human beings were
doing with this blue planet.
And it was for that
reason, like I said,
that our planet began to
live through a new stage
of this planetary quarantine,
but with greater rigor,
with greater intensity.
These beings who heard the
signal of the atom bomb,
the signal of the
Philadelphia Experiment,
came to our world to
explore technologically
what we were doing.
And apparently, they didn't
come with positive intentions
in the context of what is
known as the cosmic plan
and the context of learning
and the future of humanity.
When these ships arrived on
Earth in the 1940s especially,
it was not the first
time they did so.
But back then, they
returned in force,
bringing a group of small
beings with a prominent head,
with markedly oblique eyes,
practically black membranes
for eyes, what many ufology
scholars today call the Grays.
They have no conscience
of their own.
They're like biological robots
controlled by the civilization
that sent them to our planet.
When all this started
to occur, the alliance
that I referred to
previously decided
to block them in the context
of the planetary quarantine.
Yes, what I'm saying,
although it sounds farfetched,
is that extraterrestrials'
ships like those that crashed
in Roswell were shot down--
and not by us, but
by those beings who
are part of the
alliance and were trying
to prevent the involvement
and the actions
of these biological robots
that came to study us.
Obviously, this
protective perimeter
was not 100% effective.
There were some breaches.
And also, although
this sounds incredible,
some of these biological robots
were already literally buried
on our planet from old
extraterrestrial visits
in the early times of
Sumer, for example.
And they were reactivated.
They were awakened to do
a whole series of studies
on the human species
from biological, genetic,
and technological standpoints.
And obviously,
since we're talking
about biological
robots, they do not
have the consciousness of
behavior that we would expect.
And that is one of the most
complicated contract cases
and more difficult to address.
I'm referring to
abduction events.
I should mention that some
investigators like my dear
friends Paola Harris and French
scientist and ufologist Jacques
Vallee have been
investigating these cases
of atomic explosions and their
relationship to UFO sightings
and also with objects
that have crashed.
One of these events is
Trinity itself since shortly
after the explosion
in New Mexico,
an incident occurred in which
an object crashed in the area.
And this has been
extensively investigated
by Harris and Jacques Vallee.
And we're talking about
1945, precisely two
years before Roswell.
Parallel to all this,
cases of contact witnesses
began to be reported often.
We're talking about, besides
sightings and reports
of alleged ships
crashing to the ground,
different people came
forward in the United States
and also in other
parts of the world who
affirmed who have met beings
with human features who
brought a message of
consciousness and peace
at that time.
I could mention, for
example, Daniel Walter Fry,
George Adamski, or, even
in Italy, Eugenio Siragusa.
But mentioned before, the
case of the so-called Grays
is very particular
since their appearance
has spread in
extraterrestrial pop culture.
Just walk down the street.
And ask any child, draw
me an extraterrestrial.
And they will automatically
draw that type of entity with
a large head like an upside-down
pear and those immense,
dark eyes that look somewhat
like some cave paintings--
some petroglyphs as well in
different parts of the world.
For example, the Wandjinas in
Australia come to mind now.
Are they beings who were
here among us long ago?
Or are we confusing
ancient shamanic beliefs
with alleged
extraterrestrial visits?
Because if they
really were creatures
that ancient humans painted
just as they saw them,
we would have to ask
ourselves, why were they
here since those remote times?
If they are biological
robots, a kind of clones,
as stated by the
extraterrestrials
in their messages,
who created them?
Who controls them?
And why were they sent to Earth?
Apparently, this
type of creature
was created as a type
of technological worker
by different advanced
extraterrestrial civilizations
especially, according
to our information,
by those cultures that developed
in the Orion star sector.
The civilizations of
Orion-- and remember
that when I speak of Orion, it
is an arbitrary group of stars
that forms what we call a
constellation, stars that
are separated by
hundreds of light years
with multiple planetary
systems, according to what
the extraterrestrials say.
But particularly,
the civilizations
linked to the
great star of Rigel
would have been
involved in the creation
of this type of entity, but
also other civilizations that
are unknown to us.
Not everything is
concentrated in that sector
that we call Orion, the
constellation of Sahu,
the great hunter,
like it was called
by the ancient Egyptians.
At that time, these
beings came to Earth
to carry out
scientific research,
especially at the mineral level.
They were confined to
the hollows of the earth
to do mining work, according
to this information I reiterate
from the extraterrestrials.
But after fulfilling these
functions, they were turned off
and reactivated to do
other research, mostly
of a genetic, biological
nature in human beings
since those who were
being sent to the earth
were being blocked by
planetary quarantine controlled
by the alliance I mentioned.
Yes, this all sounds
crazy and farfetched.
But if these messages sent
by beings from other worlds
are real, what kind of
cosmic scenario are we in?
Obviously, the Roswell
case and others
that preceded it such
as incidents associated
with the explosion of Trinity
have not been the only ones.
There have been reports in
numerous parts of the world,
even in South America, cases
that have always described
the same characteristics
of small bodies
under four feet in
height, approximately,
with a very large head similar
in appearance to the Greys
we discussed.
We do not know of any
specific documented
cases of beings with human
features who have crashed
and whose bodies
have been found.
There are some rumors,
some information.
But none of them
have been able to be
verified like in the other
cases that we have mentioned.
Colonel Philip Corso, author
of a very famous book,
"The Day After Roswell,"
called these kinds
of beings extraterrestrial
biological entities, or EBEs.
And according to him, thanks
to human technological research
of these incidents of
ships that have crashed,
even of biological
bodies of these Greys,
we've developed a series of
things like fiber optics,
network integrated circuits, or
even night vision technology,
which arose from a study of
the eyes of these small beings
of these biological
androids that
had a kind of black membrane
covering their eye sockets.
So we have many mysteries to be
discovered about these cases.
But that's just a segment of
what is happening in contact.
The most important thing is that
there are human-looking beings.
And we have to
ask ourselves why.
Do we look like them?
Or do they look like us?
If we begin to piece
together different stories
through timelines,
they are here among us
trying to share a message
of transformation, of change
without intervening
directly in our matters.
Finally, I will say
that when we speak
of extraterrestrial
entities who were confined
at some time in our history
in an underground world,
it could be confused with
other information that
speaks of beings who are also
from the intraterrestrial
world.
But this is very broad.
In the intraterrestrial
world, these beings
called Greys could
exist, as I said,
having fulfilled some scientific
functions in the past.
And as if they were machines,
they were turned off
and then reactivated
for other functions
also of a scientific nature.
There are also colonies
of extraterrestrial beings
with human features like the
case that we mentioned before,
beings like Ivika or Antarel,
this group from Alpha Centauri
who have used the depths
of mountains like Huascaran
in the Peruvian Andes
as their bases--
or even, although this sounds
a little stranger and esoteric
and we will talk about it
later in another episode--
the mystery of the
survivors of lost cultures.
Vanished civilizations
and their descendants
would have found refuge
in the underground world
to later rise up as the new
spiritual heroes or founders
of civilization.
The fact that all this mystery
relates to the underworld
does not mean that
it's the same thing.
Just like when we
talk about the stars,
there may be multiple
civilizations
that come from the cosmos.
But not necessarily all of
them have the same lineage
or the same history.
The same thing happens
in the underground world.
Regarding Dr. Vallee and
Paola Harris's investigations,
I had the opportunity
to be in the same place
to visit this entire
area near Socorro,
New Mexico to speak
to Mr. Padilla,
the original witness
in the case of the ship
that had crashed in 1945,
when he was a small child.
I have held in my
hands the piece
that they recovered from the
object that crashed there.
I've talked with Dr.
Vallee and Paola Harris
about this incident.
And the conclusions
were that the incident
occurred, that something
crashed there in New Mexico.
They have no explanation,
not only for the object,
but also for the creatures
that Padilla saw.
When I asked Dr.
Vallee, who has usually
been seen by ufology as a
skeptic, if he believes Padilla
and that he saw those beings,
Dr. Vallee clearly told me yes.
He does not doubt the testimony
of the contact witnesses,
only that he has an
alternative theory
to attempt to explain them,
that maybe the phenomenon isn't
always extraterrestrial,
that it could come
from an unknown intelligence.
And that is how our
psyche processes all that.
But that's another matter.
The specific case
of George Adamski
warrants wide reflection.
It is useful for us to
understand the modus operandi
of the alleged extraterrestrial
envoys in this atomic context.
Adamski was an American
citizen of Polish origin.
He was a soldier in the 13th
cavalry regiment fighting
on the Mexican border
against the raids
by the infamous Pancho Villa--
incredible.
But his spiritual and
esoteric concerns,
a detail to keep in mind,
took him down another path.
And so he founded, in the
1930s, a fact that few cite,
the Royal Order of Tibet.
That mystical, esoteric
stage, not widely publicized
in Adamski's life,
could be considered
a type of preparation for the
contacts he would later face,
as Marla did in
her day in Mexico
before having her
extraterrestrial contact
experiences.
Returning to Adamski, in
1940, he moved with his wife
to a ranch in Monte
Palomar, California,
a property which they
would call Palomar Gardens.
There, perhaps inspired by
the proximity of the Palomar
Observatory, he
deepened his passion
for the cosmos and stargazing
through his six-inch telescope.
From there, on October 9, 1946,
the first sighting occurred.
While Adamski and
a group of friends
scrutinized a meteor
shower, they caught on film
a tubular-shaped UFO, a
cigar-looking, elongated
object, which later
became popular in ufology
as the typical mothership
or carrier ship.
Over time, Adamski's
new observations
would include extraordinary
photographic proof,
which opened up the debate
between the believers
in his experience and
the critics, the latter
being the ones who said that the
amateur astronomer photographed
vacuum cleaner lids and oil
lamps to make his followers
believe in extraterrestrials.
In addition, his
detractors also alleged
that the contact
witness's writings
had suspicious coincidences with
science fiction, which is true.
You just have to look through
the fantastic publications
on this subject from the '30s
to realize that people already
believed in flying saucers.
Were alleged contact
witnesses inspired by those
publications to make up alleged
extraterrestrial experiences?
Or maybe these beings
could have used
elements of popular culture
to introduce themselves
to witnesses using those
same shapes or appearances.
I wonder, is it possible
that science fiction
could be a memory of the
future and not imagination?
Or do extraterrestrials
read our science fiction?
Or is our science fiction
based on extraterrestrials?
I must say that for
important scientists who
delved into the study
of the UFO phenomenon
like the renowned astrophysicist
who I already mentioned,
Josef Allen Hynek, who was also
a military advisor to the US
Air Force, and his friend,
scientist and French ufologist
Jacques Vallee, Adamski,
for them, was a fraud.
Little credence was given
to Adamski's descriptions
based on his alleged
extraterrestrial experiences
of the Van Allen
radiation belt before it
was made known publicly in 1958,
nor that Kodak had certified
some of his UFO footage as
authentic such as the Silver
Springs case of 1965
in order to spin
the opinion of his detractors.
Therefore, it would
be a long list--
many ups and downs in this case.
On the Adamski case,
I had the opportunity
to track his first data, still
unpublished information--
and this thanks to the
kindness of Glenn Steckling
of the Adamski
Foundation, whom I
interviewed in the
city of San Diego
here in the United
States in California.
And he told me something
very interesting,
that Adamski's purpose was
to share a message that
would affect the consciousness
of people, something
very similar to what has
happened to other contact
witnesses in Latin America,
that his intention was not
exactly to convince the military
that he had experiences--
even though he provided
them with videos,
photographs of the contacts he
had recorded with his camera--
despite the opinion
of his detractors.
What Adamski intended was a
change of the consciousness
of humanity.
Because it was what
Orthon tried to tell him
in that close encounter
at Desert Center,
that we were transmitting a very
dark, very dangerous frequency
due to our behavior.
Later, Adamski understood.
But above all, due to
the experiments being
done at that time with nuclear
weapons, that same message--
and I want to
specifically emphasize
this-- was received by Eugenio
Siragusa and other contact
witnesses in the world.
OK, World War II had concluded.
A very dark period had
begun called the Cold War.
And many messages, many
experiences at that time
seemed to concentrate
on the danger
of World War III, if it could
happen, and atomic weapons.
But it wasn't just weapons.
It was base human behavior.
And to this day--
we are filming this
program in 2022--
we have not changed a lot
compared to the Cold War.
We have other types of weapons,
other kinds of problems.
And the extraterrestrials
are still on alert
due to human behavior.
However, just as
in Adamski's day,
they continue to trust that
human beings in the end
will be able to overcome
all these difficult stages
of learning.
Many people tell me,
well, but those close
encounters after World War
II at the end of the 1940s,
it's been so long.
And it's been so difficult.
Why don't these beings
openly show themselves?
For us, decades have passed--
more than half a century.
For them, it was just
five minutes ago.
You have to understand
things with that perspective.
And as I said, it's not
that they can't intervene.
They can.
But they shouldn't.
If not, they would
be interfering
with human free will, a will
which, despite everything, I
still believe in.
However, while all
these controversies
accused and
condemned Adamski, he
was still generating
interest and started
to receive confidential
visits from US military staff.
In addition, he was interviewed
by influential people
of his time like Queen
Juliana of Holland
and, supposedly, by Pope John
XXIII himself in the Vatican.
Why did he fascinate
these individuals?
Anyway, Adamski passed at the
age of 74 of a heart attack
on April 25, 1965.
Interestingly, and
not a minor detail,
he was buried in the cemetery
of national heroes in Arlington,
Virginia--
a distinction for his
brief time as a soldier
or for another unknown reason?
I have no hesitation
in pointing out
that one of the most debatable
episodes in the Adamski case
were his physical
face-to-face encounters
with extraterrestrials with
human features like those
who we have also met.
And this is what I
wanted to get to.
That first contact,
that of Adamski,
occurred in Desert Center
in the state of California.
It was November 20,
1952 when George Adamski
saw there a being with Nordic
features whom he called Orthon.
That's not the
entity's real name.
Adamski called him that.
And this close encounter before
six witnesses, among them
was US explorer and
anthropologist George Hunt
Williamson.
Adamski, in his book,
"The Flying Saucers Have
Landed," published
in 1953, which
he wrote with eccentric
Anglo-Irish investigator
Desmond Leslie,
describes that Orthon
made him understand that
his arrival was friendly
and that the extraterrestrials
were concerned
with the radiation
coming from Earth
due to the huge radioactive
clouds resulting
from atomic bombs.
It should be said that
this close encounter is
similar to a scene from the film
"The Day the Earth Stood Still"
from 1951, where a human
extraterrestrial, Klaatu,
descends from a ship accompanied
by his 10-foot-tall robot named
Gort.
Their mission was to deliver
an ultimatum to humanity
for it to cease to
use nuclear weapons.
Skeptics think this is
a suspicious coincidence
of Adamski's supposed
meeting with Orthon, very
similar things reflecting
upon my own contact
experiences, what I have
been able to discuss
with other witnesses across the
world who I've met personally
in so many countries
and connecting
all of this with what Adamski
experienced at that time
with Orthon and other entities,
I find a common thread--
first, that these beings
did not act freely.
That is, Orthon was
part, as well as
other entities that
we have met, of
an extraterrestrial organization
that had methodically
planned these close encounters
with several witnesses who,
on one hand, are
highly credible but who
have had their
misgivings about sharing
their experiences
with the public
and with everyday witnesses,
as was the case with George
Adamski or even
ours, the same modus
operandi so that, as I
have always mentioned,
through a critical
mass of ordinary people
who have had these
same experiences,
social pressure
can be generated so
that highly credible
witnesses may finally speak.
And we are seeing that today at
this time in the 21st century,
when those who most
denied the subject--
fighter pilots, the
military, and scientists--
are talking about encounters
with these beings.
I'm not talking
about UFO sightings.
I'm talking about
pilots' experiences
with some kind of
human intelligence
who have interacted with
them during UFO sightings.
And now that's happening.
That is, everything
that beings like Orthon
planted in witnesses
such as Adamski today
has yielded its fruits and let
the chips fall where they may,
no matter the consequences.
But the problem is that Adamski
was not the only one contacted
by these beings with
human features who
came with the same message
of alarm, a message
that these beings have
unsuccessfully delivered,
especially to
military high command.
It was then that these
envoys of those other worlds
began to intensify their
approach of common witnesses.
This gives rise to what
I call the classical age
of extraterrestrial
contact witnesses.
In this modern
era, of course, we
are talking about a period
covering from 1945 to 1975.
We have already mentioned
some of the names.
In the case of
Siragusa in Europe,
George Van Tassel,
Daniel Walter Fry,
Howard Menger, Enrique
Castillo Rincon,
Maria Del Socorro Perez--
or Marla-- brothers Carlos
and Sixto Paz Wells,
among others, from all these
experiences, messages of alert
were issued, different
messages of possibilities
for a future that could
take a different shape
thanks to the increasing
consciousness of human beings.
But I must also say that
some UFO cults have also
emerged from all this.
Because since this has already
happened in the distant past,
contact witnesses and
people who get caught up
in these experiences
begin to see these beings
as cosmic benefactors
of humanity.
And they go a bit
out of control.
The perception of common
sense can become a little lost
after these
experiences, which are
very difficult to assimilate.
Unfortunately, some
of these experiences
have been stretched
to be applied
to other beliefs and
religious spheres.
And that made some of the
more orthodox investigators
like those we mentioned,
Jacques Vallee or Dr. Hynek,
take a critical
stance on what was
happening in contact groups.
However, if we analyze one
thing at a time, at the root,
we find real
contact experiences,
an authentic phenomenon
that can only
be understood through the
testimony of contact witnesses.
As Dr. Hynek said, we
do not investigate UFOs.
We investigate the
testimonies of people
who affirm to have seen them.
We investigate the
human experience,
a phenomenon that we
still cannot comprehend.
There is no doubt that the
messages and information
of these beings also go
through the filter of contact
witnesses.
And from there arise
the distortions.
Obviously, contact
with these beings
has followed a
very long timeline
from very ancient times where we
could even have construed them
as angels, gods, fairies,
any supernatural activity
that we couldn't understand.
This led some scholars to assume
that in reality, we didn't even
have contact with
extraterrestrials
and that our psyche
was attempting
to place a label on it as if
an unknown type of intelligence
interacted with us,
and over time, it
was labeled by our culture--
the genie and the lamp,
any apparition of Mary,
or modern extraterrestrials.
Even within contact cases, there
is a very important discussion
about the different
Grey-looking beings,
that perhaps they may not all
be biological beings or robots,
as I have already
mentioned, but that they
could be another type of
creature of similar appearance.
And it is a very complex
issue to address for which
we do not have total certainty.
But what I can say is that the
contacts that we affirm to have
had--
and I think that this is also
the case of George Adamski--
were contacts with
actual entities
of extraterrestrial origin.
We cannot lump together all
the cases of close encounters
in the same theory of the
psyche, or hallucinations,
or folklore, or an unknown
element that is mutating
to adapt to us.
There were contacts with
extraterrestrial beings
that formed part of an
advanced civilization who
have tried to convey a
message and information.
And obviously, with time,
they have been adapting.
Before, when we didn't
have this technology
to capture images
of their objects,
when we didn't have so
many satellites in space,
they made more contact.
And now that we have developed
technology to the degree
that anyone has a good camera
to record on their cell
phone, their mobile
phone, it seems
like they are being more
careful in the way that they
are approaching us.
They exhibit that
elusive behavior.
Because, as I said,
they're waiting for humans
to advance without any
type of direct intervention
that may hinder their learning.
They keep adapting.
But they are still among us.
Now I wonder, could some of
the most famous prophecies
of the religious world
have arisen from contact
with extraterrestrials?
Is it possible that these
beings manifested themselves
once again in what is called
the modern age of UFOs
to warn us that we are playing
with fire with a technology
that could be self-destructive
for the human species
and which has already
been tried in the past?
Did they live with us
thousands of years ago?
Yes, Adamski, Siragusa,
or Daniel Walter Fry
were not the first
contact witnesses.
This phenomenon has been
happening for a very long time,
for thousands of years.
And we will go into greater
detail in the next chapter.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
See you again soon on the
journey of "The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]